system-variables: add documents for `error_count` and `max_connections` (#10525)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Unit: Bytes
- The maximum size of a packet for the MySQL protocol.

### max_connections

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: No
- Type: Integer
- Default value: `0`
- Range: `[0, 100000]`

> - The maximum number of connections for a single TiDB instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The maximum number of connections permitted for a single TiDB instance.
```

- Scope: NONE
- Default value: ""

> - The location of the certificate authority file (if there is one), the value of this variable is defined by [`ssl-ca` configuration](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/tidb-configuration-file#ssl-ca).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The location of the certificate authority file (if there is one), the value of this variable is defined by the TiDB configuration item [`ssl-ca`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#ssl-ca).
```

### ssl_cert

- Scope: NONE
- Default value: ""

> - The location of the certificate file (if there is a file) that is used for SSL/TLS connections, the value of this variable is defined by [`ssl-cert` configuration](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/tidb-configuration-file#ssl-cert).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The location of the certificate file (if there is a file) that is used for SSL/TLS connections, the value of this variable is defined by the TiDB configuration item [`ssl-cert`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#ssl-cert).
```

### ssl_key

- Scope: NONE
- Default value: ""

> - The location of the private key file (if there is one) that is used for SSL/TLS connections, the value of this variable is defined by [`ssl-key` configuration](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/tidb-configuration-file#ssl-cert).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The location of the private key file (if there is one) that is used for SSL/TLS connections, the value of this variable is defined by [`ssl-key`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#ssl-cert).
```
